Part 1: Feature Definition
As a team, each team member must define:
1. Feature Name
Saved Closet / Like Feature
2. User Story
As a logged-in user, I want to like a designer’s item so that I can save it to 
my personal closet and view it later.As a user, I want to view all the items I have liked in one place so that I can manage my saved fashion pieces.As a designer, I want to be notified when a user saves my item so that I can track engagement and interest in my designs.

3. Why this adds value to the project

4. What layers it touches:
• UI- explore/ closet front end 

• Backend - designer likes, notification, likes count item 

• Database

• External API if applicable

Part 2: Feature Brief Documentation
1. Problem Statement
What problem does this solve?
This feature allows users to like the cards with the item information and the designer gets notified when someone
saves their item, and the like feature adds and keeps count of how many items the user has liked as well as well as liking acertain designer itll get savedKeep a count of total likes per item. The closet feature will also be automatic when the user likes a card itll get added to a personal closet.
 
2. User Flow
Step by step from start to finish
-user logs in( regular user ) 
-browese explore page 
-user clicks llike button on desinger card  
-increases count
-system saves item to the closet 
-User can click on a button to like a card with the designer information
-sends notification to designer 
-user
-views saved items in cloest 
-remove items 

3. Technical Plan
Frontend changes
modify home page/ explore 
modify userdash 
and using javascript to update cards 
add button 
closet section 

Backend routes
1. like item 
2. unlike 
3. getUSercloest 
4.likeDesigner 
(designerID  userID Item ID lIke ID /count )

Database changes

Files expected to be created or modified

4. API Changes
userID -> New routes items like -> and then saved to closet 

Modified routes
Request and response structure
 get 
userID/closet 

5. Database Changes
New tables - likes table,cloest table , liked designer table, notification table, 
Schema updates
New fields


6. Acceptance Criteria
Clear definition of done
Must be testable
Item like count increases

 Item is saved to user's Closet

 User cannot like same item twice

 Designer receives notification

 Like persists after page refresh

---
Displays all liked items

 Shows item image, name, designer

 User can remove item

 Removing decreases like count

----
User can like designer

 Designer sees like count increase

 User cannot like twice